*Wong Fu Productions*
Our planet, is home to 30 million plants and animals.
Each with a unique story of survival.
Each committed to a lifelong search for food, for shelter
and
for companionship.
A cool mist fills the valley, marking the end of another autumn day, but for these three males,
things, have just commenced. It's the fifth day of the week, therefore it's boys' night
*Electronic chime*
An electronic chime startles a member of the pack, a signal that someone is attempting to communicate with him
But this is not an ordinary someone, by the expression on his face the two companions know, it's someone...
special.
*Upbeat music plays*
Meanwhile that lady friend and her two companions are having, girls night.
The edges of her mouth move upward and blood fills her cheeks, the two friends take notice and
Instinctively swarm towards the device with extreme curiosity and disregard for privacy.
Her desire for a partner comes at no surprise.
It's quite common this time of year because it's the season of holidays
Also known
As cuffing season
It's a time for ceremonious reunions, which also serves to remind people of how lonely they actually are
Cold winter nights coupled with  prolonged indoor activity, sparks the desperate need for the warmth of a partner.
Gatherings consisting of holiday hymns and beverages made from animal lactate and fermented grass
Provide the perfect ingredients for a spark!
A celebratory exchange of fist bumps, flailing arms, and high shrieks signify the approval of the new union
Except, for Suzy lee, who has had a secret admiration for the male and now, has lost all hope.
The festivities continue into the night
Little do they know, as the winter days get shorter, and their love grows deeper, this can only lead to one thing
They are making the transition from dating
to hiberdating.
Trevor: Like hibernation
Hiberdating, is when a member of the pack finds a new mate, they become so exclusive that
They forget all their other friends.
They practically disappear.
The two friends grow more concerned
as they begin to experience the first signs of hiberdation
Their comrade hasn't responded to their last two texts and neither of them have seen him in four weeks.
Their pocket computers reveal that he isn't responding because he's at a football game.
A game the boys were planning on watching together
*Monkey sound effects*
The females faced similar challenges on their side. Girls night has been reduced to a party of two.
The two friends unexpectedly run into the couple at dinner and they suddenly realize
that girls night has been replaced, with date night.
*Animal growling noises*
the pack tries to re-adjust to a normal way of life, but it proves to be much easier said than done.
He, was always the tip master.
She, was always needed for the best coupon deals.
The couple prepares for the dead of winter,
by prepping their den and stocking up their queue with TV shows for extensive binging.
Meanwhile, the rest of the pack is left out in the cold.
The friends have weathered many days of neglect together, but none compares to the most dreadful day of the season,
Valentine's day.
With hunger and thirst at the highest levels, the friends begin to scavenge for their own partners.
The friends approach and get rejected left and right
Desperation is truly at its peak.
For the couple however, love, is at its peak. Their relationship has been going well,
but where is it going next?
Things, are getting serious
maybe...
Too... serious?
As the weather warms the two realize that they have less need for one another
With day clubs back open, and spring break trips right around the corner the couple's commitment to each other begins to waver.
The sun rises on a new day
flowers begin to bloom
Birds return home after a long migration
and the mammals emerge from their dens, weak and disoriented.
They have broken up.
The male wanders the streets and wonders where it all went wrong.
The female questions if she'll ever find 'The one'.
Will she forever, be alone?
But not all hope is lost for the weak.
For on the horizon he sees his loyal friends approaching!
It's like they were never gone. Good friends are always there for one another.
They're faithful,
supportive, and ready to do it all over again!
Especially, Suzy Lee, who after weathering a brutal winter is now, back in the game! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Philip: What's up guys, we all know we have those friends that as soon as they get into relationship they disappear!
Taylor: Yeah so you should send this video to those friends and let them know that you miss them.
Philip: Yeah. Thanks so much to Skype for partnering with us on this video we've been wanting to make this video
ever since actually, like, early this year when we like talked about hiberdating on our second channel.
Taylor: Lunch Break. Philip: Yeah! So, we finally did it!
Taylor: And you might have noticed in the short that we have some new winter merch!
We have some sweaters and some beanies and they are still available if you want to check it out at our store!
Philip: Subscribe if you want to see more content like this! Thanks so much for watching and we hope you guys have a great holiday
we'll see you guys in the new year! Taylor: Later~~